add validation of MLM output using classification:classes (fixes #48) (#50)
stac-extensions/classification: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Validation by the JSON schema of `classification:classes` definition within a
  [Machine Learning Model (MLM)](https://github.com/crim-ca/mlm-extension) output.
- Example STAC `item-model-classes.json` demonstrating the use of `classification:classes` within a `mlm:output`.

> - `nodata` to `classification:classes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nodata` to Class Object
```

> - `nodata` to `classification:classes`
> - `nodata` to Class Object
> - `percentage` to Class Object
> - `count` to Class Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nodata` to the Class Object
- `nodata` to the Class Object
- `percentage` to the Class Object
- `count` to the Class Object
```
